Ideas

Ideas that I had from that dream
neckalace that is broken into 7 different peices, each one has a different 
color gem that helps grant the player powers.kinda like the infinity gauntlt
not quiet. it will give them some slight powers that then can use during battle.
these abilities are undecided atm.

each will have a curroption part type like venom, the main player shall discover 
something that will help him be protected from being taken over, this will be 
the first mission.

going more behind that dream.

this game shall start out by having the main enemy discover this ammulet and 
upon picking it up, itll break into 7 peices. upon breaking a shadowy figure 
shall be seen and this will cut to the player doing their thing.
The essence inside the ammulet will be that of a venom like creature, texture 
like muk from pokemon and itll currpot whomever wears one of these peices of 
ammulets. this enemy shall have the ability to spread their plague onto others,
 curropting animals of the enviornment. changing their colours, giving them 
different style eyes. even upon getting the amulet peice, the player shall 
learn a new ability to use during battle and even though the player prevented 
the plague from spreading there are still essence of it still in the enviornment.
 giving this more context behind why there are still enenmies walking around in the enviornment.

 for the creature thats behind it, i want it to be a power hungry essence that was after 
 immortatily and essentually trapped themselves inside of this thing by accident and the other 
 person mentioned earlier will be taken over by this and accendently release this power to the world.

 an old historian will be your guide and he shall read you scriptures about this and try to 
 help you out on your quest.

 Hippos with turtle on back, can make a sludge form where the bind together and use the turtle shell like a helmet and they
 both together

 When the game is over and the main enemy is captured the professor will help train the main enemy in his new form
 where as the player will not understand
 this game will will be based on another timeline where the professor travels back in time to learn about this enemy and use
 him to prevent a tragety that happens in theirs by using the main enemy(who has been killed in theirs) as an ally to prevent
 this tragedy. the professor shall be the grandchild of the scollar student and the reason why he takes her on is to help 
 progress her skills quicker as she taught him as well as send her on this quest because she shall have the nessesscary skills
 to contain the main enemy along with the professor together.