Main Enemy/Story

Ideas
The main enemy will be a presence, or entity that is locked away inside
of a neckalace which. this essence shall resemble unity from rick and morty
or ultron from marvel, the overmind from starcraft. This thing shall have a
hive like mind. The game shall start off with an archeologist searching a 
lost temple and finding this necklace and accidently activating it. his eyes 
shall glow but he shall be none the wise from whats going on. There shall be 
a professor that is in the main city. he shall have a stone that forwarns him 
about issues with his life and it goes off as if there is a grave warning 
going on that alarms him, this also detected that something happened when 
the archeologist removed the necklace. this is what takes the proffessors 
attention and gets him to call the main player. The way the main player
is called to the professor is via mail from a flying pig currier. It isnt 
the utmost importance thats why he does it this way.

This being shall be a hive mind but requires celebrates like the overmind 
to help expand his corruption and link to the other pocessed beings. as well
as increase hispower amungst the land. the older the celebrates and more 
time theyve had to settle in the more powerful they become. this is why 
the boss and or bosses shall become more powerful as you progress through 
the game. each boss shall have a link to these celebrate and shall be some
muk like creature that takes over a powerful being. each of the celebrate
enemies shall have a piece of the necklace that helped keep them away and upon
battling the final boss, you should have the complete neklace and do a final 
battle to seal away this entity again.

One form of the forest can be the wendigo that we created in litany of the 
cursed. id like this to be the final boss for the dungeon after where the 
water character was aquired.

A hive mind whom Rick had previously dated, as they are two of the small 
handful of sentient beings capable of fully comprehending the scope of the 
universe. To spread to others, the hosts vomit a green liquid into the 
others' mouths which quickly incorporates them. Unity and Rick get back 
together, but Unity soon realizes that the self-destructive behavior they 
indulge in when they are together is bad for both of them, leading to Unity 
ending their relationship again. A distraught Rick attempts suicide, but fails.



Wolf mentor that becomes infeted and you battle him multiple times during story gameplay.